The heart of MythiMap is an interactive web application designed to bring together the cryptozoology community through historical records and community reported sightings of cryptids within the United States. 
Using the base of Esri, one of the leading GIS platforms, the application provides users with an intuitive and visually engaging map for exploring the mysterious world of cryptozoology.
The goal of MythiMap is to provide users a way to navigate cryptid habitats, view sighting distributions, and engage with detailed community driven information. Historic sightings are also georeferenced and displayed alongside user-submitted reports, to provide further context. 
Shaded habitat areas indicate regions where specific cryptids habitats are known to be in, providing a visual sense of environmental context. Each sighting can be clicked on revealing a popup containing key information such as the date, location, description, and type of cryptid reported, as well as historical background if it applies. The user can query sightings by date range, cryptid species, or region, allowing for an interactive exploration experience of the data. Along with user imputed data to provide updates, the dataset will remain both comprehensive and current. 
MythiMap will offer a range of benefits to help the cryptozoological community. For both enthusiasts and amateur researchers alike, the goal of the app is to provide a gateway to discover and document sightings while connecting with a community of like-minded individuals, shedding light on how folklore, environment, and human perception intersect with one another. 
By combining robust GIS capabilities with user participation and real-time data management, the application creates an evolving atlas of the unexplained!
